Dear, this is my girlfriend, Hui Yen.
You want to eat together no problem.
But beyond that...
Best not to do anything.
You, the second girl of your uncle's house, Li Qian Qian Qian.
New from England to study
Education and Education
Moreover, the personality is very obedient.
Perfect for you.
Sir, your set is too old, isn't it?
Give me a woman.
You think I'll accept that?
I don't care if you take it or not.
After all, we have to be the right people at the door.
The woman wants to be clean.
What are you up to?
You also have a bit of insurance when you first meet.
In addition
I'd like to send you one more question.
We played early in the morning.
The person who comes out the small door has no education.
Anyway.
I would never allow a woman with a history of marriage into our home.
You disagree.
I want to marry people who don't even have to.
Let's go, you uneducated boy.